File:    README
Author:  Dan Brekke
Program: class example
Date:    

BUILDING THE PROGRAM
   This program was written in C++ and distributed to be built on a 
   Linux system using the g++ compiler.  To build the program, type 'make' 
   to create the executable called 'prog'

RUNNING THE PROGRAM
   Type 'prog' at the command prompt after building the program.

PROGRAM DESCRIPTION
   This program will read ints from the keyboard, output them, sort
   them ascendingly, then output them again. 

PROGRAM INPUT
   All input comes from the keyboard.  The program will read until the
   sentinel value 0 is entered. Input can be entered all on one line,
   or separate lines, or a combination of the two.
   For example:
      5
      4 6
      3 0
   
PROGRAM OUTPUT
   All output is written to the screen.  The output will be the original
   array as entered from the keyboard and the result of the sorted array.
   For example:
      array: 5 4 6 3 
      sorted array: 3 4 5 6 

PROGRAM DESIGN
   This program stores all the ints in an array.

   The general algorithm
      read the ints into an array
      output the array
      sort the array
      output the array

   Function input and output, preconditions and postconditions can
   be found in the documentation for each file.

FILE INDEX
   file             function(s)        description
   --------------   -----------------  ----------------------
   constants.h                         constant declarations
   
   main.cpp         main               calls all other functions
   
   NOTES                               describes purpose of this class example

   output.cpp       output             outputs results to the screen
   
   read.cpp         read               read from the keyboard into the array

   sort.cpp         sort               sorts the array ascendingly

   makefile                            builds executable

   README                              this file


PROGRAM TESTING
   This program was tested with different sets of data.  

   Checked for a normal set of data partially filling the array
   
   Checked for the number of values exceeding the array size
   
   Checked for input of 1 value and the sentinel

   Checked for input of just the sentinel

   There are no known bugs.  Any errors should be reported to:
   brekke@mnstate.edu

